feat(doc): update maintenance doc (#2454)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/bdm-management-in-bonita-applications.adoc

The Business Objects must match the structure used by the deployed processes. Make sure that when modifying the Business Data Model, the processes are modified accordingly.
====

. To import the Business Data Model created in Bonita Studio, first xref:data:define-and-deploy-the-bdm.adoc[export the Business Data Model] from Bonita  Studio where it was designed.
. In the Bonita Runtime, log in as the technical user (default login 'install', default password 'install').
. Go to the *Platform maintenance* menu.

> . Click on *enable maintenance* to xref:ROOT:platform-maintenance-mode.adoc[enable the maintenance mode].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click on *Start maintenance* to xref:ROOT:platform-maintenance-mode.adoc[enable the maintenance mode].
```

====
The Bonita Runtime will load the file, retrieve the object definitions and enable processes to use them at runtime. +
It will also create or update the database schema (set of tables, columns, indexes...) in the business database, so as to store business objects appropriately when modified by processes.

> The Business Data Model will now be installed. Maintenance can be ended +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Business Data Model will now be installed. Maintenance mode can be disabled. +
```

If you need to update the BDM, and your update includes one of the cases listed above (both those that generate an error at installation, and those that do not), you will need to do the update manually.
Get some help from your database administrator:

> . Stop your Tenant services (via maintenance mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Stop the BPM and BDM services (by enabling the maintenance mode)
```

[NOTE]
====

> Contrary to the BDM definition, the deployment of a BDM Access Control file does not starting the maintenance mode during the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contrary to the BDM definition, the deployment of a BDM Access Control file does not require enabling the maintenance mode during the operation.
```
